No way! A real bed? Nya!
[giggles]
I'd take this to camping
in the woods any day!
What's up?
You look a little dazed.
Come here!
The beds are
so clean and fluffy!
[REIN]
Why is this happening to me?
[INKEEPER 3A] I'm glad you
find them so comfortable.
Have fun, you two!
Have fun with what?
So fluffy!
[REIN] It took until nightfall,
but we rounded up
all the bandits
and got 'em back in town.
Afterwards, we were summoned
to the Adventurer's Guild.
It seemed that taking out
the Ebon Fangs
was kind of a big deal,
so I got a special promotion.
And now, I had moved on up
to the coveted E-Rank!
[REIN chuckles]
[REIN]
For my troubles and hard work,
I was given a hefty reward.
So we picked up some
new equipment in town
and celebrated with the most
luxurious dinner we could find.
But then...
I'm so sorry!
I'm afraid we've
only got one open room!
[REIN] Well,
I guess we'll be on our way--
Great! Let's get
you two unpacked!
Wait! Hang on!
[REIN] I intended to
get us separate rooms,
but thanks to that
pushy innkeeper,
we got stuck together!
[KANADE]
I'm gonna sleep so well tonight!
You've gotta
feel the beds, Rein!
[REIN]
I'll, uh...
Huh?
...go sleep outside!
Huh? What? Why?
Don't be such a sourpuss,
we booked this room
for the whole week!
I just should not be sleeping
in the same room as a girl.
It isn't right!
Huh? You act like it's a
catastrophe, but I don't mind!
Well, you should! If you
hadn't noticed, I'm a guy.
Now that you mention it,
I guess I hadn't really
thought about it that way.
The idea of sharing a room with
a guy is a little embarrassing.
But this'll be fine because
you're not some kinda dog
who's trying to get
your paws on me, right?
[REIN] It's hard to tell if
she's too nice or too naïve.
Listen, Kanade.
You shouldn't always put
your trust in people so easily.
We just met, what,
a couple days ago?
We barely know each other.
How could you know
if I'm a trustworthy person
in that amount of time?
Good night.
Please don't go.
It's not that I would
trust just anybody.
I only trust you
because you're you, silly!
I've never encountered
anyone else like you.
And even if we only
met a couple days ago,
we're still friends, right?
And, uh, real friends don't let
their other friends
sleep outside or something.
At least not where
I'm from, no sirree!
--No, we don't! Not a chance.
--[REIN] I get it.
I won't go outside.
I'll stay in here and sleep.
--Really?
--Yeah.
All right, well,
I'm super happy to hear that!
[laughs]
[REIN]
Ya know.
Life's been one surprise after
another since I met Kanade.
How could I argue with her?
[KANADE]
Now that you're staying,
would you kindly look away while
I'm changing, purr-tty please!
[REIN]
Yeah, obviously?
Awww! He's so cute!
[KANADE]
Rein is truly the cat's meow.
Even among the ultimate species,
cat spirits like me are rare.
And as with anything
that's hard to find,
countless humans have tried
to get their paws on me.
When they find me,
they only want to use me
as a tool to get
whatever they want in life.
Money, greed, glory.
That's all those
people ever wanted.
[KANADE]
Until I got lucky and met him.
[REIN]
Miss! You all right?
[KANADE]
Rein!
He was surprised to meet
meow like the others,
but he was different.
It was pure kindness
that drove him to save me.
He didn't want to use me,
he treated me like
I was a normal person.
It's hard to fully express
just how much
that filled me with joy.
[KANADE]
Poor guy.
I can imagine he's still hurt
from being dumped
by the hero's party.
He's acting
like everything's fine,
but I'm sure, deep down,
he feels the sting.
I wanna help him heal that wound
and see him really smile
from the bottom of his heart.
[KANADE] I promise,
no matter what happens,
you'll always have me
to lean on, Rein.
[REIN] I've known Kanade
for a week, now.
[KANADE]
Rein!
[REIN]
Huh?
[REIN] Knocking out jobs
together has been a breeze.
Just a couple'a friends
enjoying the laid back life
of an adventurer.
You want one?
Thank you.
The Guard Dog of Stride Bridge?
Yeah, the guild
has received reports
of a hooligan
terrorizing the bridge.
[BOTH]
A hooli... what?
[NATALIE] Apparently,
they're picking fights
with anyone who tries to cross,
and once they win, they allow
their victims to escape.
Fortunately, no one has died.
At least, not that we know of.
Regardless, they're disrupting
people from using the bridge.
So tell me,
how does that sound, Rein?
You in?
Are you the man for the job?
You think an E-rank
like me is even qualified?
Yes, sir!
This job is available
to all ranks!
And whoever takes down the
hooligan first gets the reward!
A good one, too.
It's rather high.
Five gold pieces!
[BOTH gasp]
[REIN]
I'm in!
I really appreciate you!
[KANADE squeals]
Isn't this the biggest bridge
you've ever seen?
[REIN]
Stride Bridge.
The only way
to get from Horizon,
which is in the
Central Continent
down to the Southern Continent.
It's so pawesome!
I've never seen
anything so amazing!
It is! I guess you've
never been here before, huh?
[KANADE]
Nyu-uh.
What kind of person
would attack people
on a cool bridge like this?
Good question.
[REIN] Normally, with so
many living witnesses,
you'd be able to get an idea
of who the culprit might be.
But the people who were
beaten refused to talk,
so I failed to get
any information
about the Guard Dog's identity.
My enemy is a mystery!
I'll have to stay on high alert.
[KANADE]
Rein!
Huh? What's up?
Look! Right there!
Huh?
[gasps]
Wait, is that...?
[BOTH]
A dragon?
[TANIA]
Ah! A palpable power at last.
If you wanna cross this bridge,
you have to fight me!
That dragon was really a girl?
Are you listening to me?
[REIN]
Uh, sorry!
But can I ask a quick question?
Are you the hooligan known
around here as the "Guard Dog"?
Guard Dog?
Not exactly my favorite
nickname, but yeah, that is me.
I'm Tania, an ultimate
species and dragonoid!
And I'm using
this bridge for training!
Training?
It's dragonoid law!
When they turn 15, they
embark on a rite of passage
to train and increase
their strength.
At least, I think.
[TANIA] Somebody knows
their stuff, she's right.
I've been on the hunt for
someone powerful like you.
A first-rate adventurer
and cat spirit.
The perfect opponents
to hone my strength.
Two-on-one is fine with me.
I truly don't care.
I'm not leaving
this bridge without a fight.
I guess we have
no choice but to fight her.
I'll admit, I wasn't
expecting to be fighting
with an ultimate species.
[KANADE]
Rein.
Don't forget, your partner's
an ultimate species, too!
Huh? Hmm...
You're right!
I've fire in my belly,
so let's fight!
Now, let our battle begin!
[KANADE]
Rein!
Not bad for a beast tamer,
barely half of
the other combatants
have made it this far.
[REIN]
I'll bet.
I barely managed
to block her attack!
Congratulations,
you passed the first test!
For the next one,
why don't we turn up the heat?
Look out!
[REIN]
Don't take on a human form
if you're just gonna
do dragon stuff!
--[KANADE screams]
--Kanade!
Halp! It's on fur!
[REIN]
Stand still! I'll put it out!
Aw... My poor tail;
this is clawful!
You're dead, meow!
Yes, now we're cookin'!
[REIN]
Amazing.
Two ultimate species.
A perfect match.
Attacking at the same time
feels a little cheap.
Right!
[REIN]
But we've gotta try!
No way!
[chuckles]
[KANADE screams]
Hang on tight!
[screams]
And away you go!
Meow, meow, meow, meow!
[REIN]
Not good!
Even with extra strength
from my bond with Kanade.
I still can't fly!
If she attacks us now,
we're as good as dead!
[TANIA]
Well, color me impressed!
You're the first
to last this long.
If you're not careful,
I might enjoy this too much!
[REIN] She really
is an ultimate species.
Her strength is unreal.
We may have gotten
ahead of ourselves in thinking
we could beat a dragonoid
in hand-to-hand combat.
[REIN]
What I need to do is fight her
like a real beast tamer.
Hey. I need you to distract
her for a few minutes.
I think I've just
come up with a plan.
What is it?
[REIN]
If you can buy me a little time,
I'll work out the rest.
Yeah! You can count on meow!
[REIN]
Mm.
Great, thanks!
[TANIA] Done with
your little strategy sesh?
Yep!
Done. And now,
it's just you and me!
[yelling]
How cute!
You're fired up now, but how
long till you need a cat nap?
I wouldn't worry about that!
Because Rein said
he worked out a master plan!
[REIN] What?
Why would you tell her that?
No, no time,
I really need to focus.
[REIN]
Think, remember earlier.
When Tania sent me flying,
I felt something,
another very faint presence.
I got it!
[REIN] Will you bring
your friends back to me?
[BIRD chirps]
Yes! Good girl!
[REIN]
Kanade!
I can take it from here!
What? Is it
our turn to tango next?
No, won't be me,
I'm afraid, but my friends.
[chirping]
Ah! What's going on?
What are they doing to me?
It doesn't really hurt,
but it is extremely irritating!
Enough!
Adorable, were you trying
to create a smokescreen?
You had to know
that wouldn't hurt me.
You make me laugh!
A weak barrage like that
could never hurt a dragonoid.
Not like me.
[groans]
Huh?
[TANIA groaning]
[TANIA]
Why can't I move?
This little lady's
bright plumage
sends a signal to predators to
let 'em know she's poisonous.
[TANIA]
Poisonous?
And they deliver
a big enough dose
that even an
ultimate species like you
should be on
your tail for a while.
[grunting]
[TANIA]
All right. I give up! You win!
Hm? Wow, I did not expect
that to happen so quickly.
Meow.
This stuff is
so incredibly potent
that I can barely even lift
a finger, let alone fight.
How could I possibly win now?
[KANADE]
We did it!
Thanks to your
birdy friends' poison...
You helped, too, you know!
Hey, Tania.
You're coming with us, now.
Why? You gonna make some coin
by selling me to another human?
No, it's nothing like that.
I just wanna talk with you.
And, I dunno, maybe convince
you not to do this again?
[TANIA]
Hmm?
And if I refuse?
Well, in that case...
I don't know!
I'm stumped!
Really?
What kind of a response is that?
I'm paralyzed,
you could take me anywhere
and make me do
whatever you wanted!
You're such a weirdo.
Meow...
[screams]
My nerves are on fire,
why'd you do that?
Because you're being a
big sourpuss to my friend,
and bad girls need
to be punished!
Please, stop!
I'll do anything if
you quit, I promise!
I'll go anywhere!
[cries] I said I'll go!
Cut it out, already!
[REIN]
It never ends.
[NATALIE shrieks]
You actually
managed to scare away
the Guard Dog on Stride Bridge?
Uh, yeah! Sure did!
I beat that hooligan, and they
said they won't be coming back.
People should be safe to start
crossing the bridge as usual!
If anyone could do it,
I knew it'd be you!
That hostile ruffian
didn't stand a chance.
As soon as we confirm
that the bridge is safe,
you'll receive your reward.
The guild can't thank you
enough for your hard work!
And who's that?
Did you make another new friend?
The tail and those horns.
Is she a drago--?
No way! You say dragon?
Not her! She's just a human!
In a costume. A good one!
Oh, yeah, I see! Looks great!
Don't you dare try
to speak for me, buddy.
I'm not some
kinda weirdo like you.
Hah! Behold!
I am the queen of the
skies and all that lies be--
Ahh!
We've gotta get going;
we'll catch ya later!
See ya!
[REIN] If the people of Horizon
find out you were the Guard Dog,
it'll throw the whole town
into a blind panic.
So please don't tell anyone!
Tania?
You, there!
Fight me like a man!
Hey!
Aww! Holy crap, she's awesome!
[KID 1C]
How do you do it?
Who, me?
You kids wanna know
what I really am?
[REIN, KANADE yell]
Seriously, you've gotta quit
trying to tell everybody.
We can't let
the cat outta the bag.
Huh?
Oh. Whoops.
[sighs]
And now, time for us to move
on to the next part of our plan.
To try and get
you somewhere safe.
Huh?! Really?
Thankfully, tales of the
Guard Dog's misadventures
didn't spread too far.
Just promise you won't terrorize
any bridges from here on out.
Huh? You know what,
I wonder why those guys
wouldn't tell you about Tania?
Yeah, me, too.
Did you threaten 'em, or what?
No, no, nothing like that.
But I bet they were
too ashamed to admit
they lost a fight with a girl.
[REIN] Is that really why
none of those men would talk?
[TANIA] Are you not gonna turn
me in to the Adventurer's Guild?
I won't, as long as you
take your training somewhere
that draws a
little less attention.
Well, I don't know.
Seeing as I couldn't
even beat you two,
I doubt my training was
doing a lot of good for me
in the first place.
But I thought the
dragonoid law says
you have to continue training
to increase your power!
[TANIA]
Yeah, you're not wrong.
Which is why I thought
I'd tag along with you guys!
What? Why would you
wanna travel with us?
Because it seems like
hanging out with you two
would be pretty good training.
And it just sounds fun!
Besides, Rein, was it?
I'm starting to realize
that I like you.
After all, you chose
to protect me.
Myah! Slow your roll!
And get your grubby paws
off my master, right meow!
Are you jealous?
Huh? Of course not!
It just seemed like Rein was
a little uncomfortable, is all.
Oh, come on, it's a little hug!
And nobody likes a girl
who doesn't share.
[KANADE gasps]
[REIN]
Always ready for a fight.
I guess I wouldn't mind
having Tania in the party,
what about you Kanade?
Is that all right with you?
Meow?
Well, I, uh, guess
I just think that...
Hmm...
Whatever. I like her okay,
but she is a bit purr-snickety.
That's that!
I guess it's settled.
Now let's form a contract!
Huh?
You have a contract with Kanade,
so why not form a bond with
me while you're at it, right?
I guess.
[REIN] I can't believe I formed
a contract with a cat spirit,
and now, I'm bonding
with a dragonoid, too.
[REIN]
Are you ready?
[TANIA]
Yeah, whenever you are.
[REIN]
My name is Rein Shroud.
In establishing
this new contract,
a bond is formed between us.
An oath in our hearts
and hope in our souls.
Your power, in my hand.
Speak now, say your name!
Tania.
Is it done?
[REIN]
Yeah.
The contract is sealed.
Check it out, you've got a weird
pattern on your hand now!
Oh, my, it is weird.
So this is what it feels
like to be tamed, huh.
It's strange, it feels
like no matter where I was,
I'd be joined with Rein,
and it's kinda nice.
I think I could
get used to this!
[REIN] I feel like
I just burned through
an entire lifetime's
worth of luck!
[TANIA]
Hey, you!
You just got to seal
a contract with me!
Why do you look so unhappy, huh?
I'm happy to work with you.
Thanks, my master!
Damn it!
We just wasted a whole week
in the woods for nothing.
I'm exhausted,
and I wanna take a hot bath!
Scouting and fending off
monsters at the same time
was much more difficult
than I could have imagined.
And carrying around loot.
Remember, those were the jobs
that Rein used to do for us.
Ugh! Why should I have to do
that whiney,
garbage-person's job anyway?
[AGGATH] Well, what other
options do we have?
[MINA] How are we going
to go on like this?
[chuckles]
[ARIOS] Why don't we just
bring the runt back?
[ALL 3]
Huh?
[ARIOS]
We'll feign an apology,
swear we didn't
mean what we said,
and he'll come
crawling back to us.
He's too nice to say no,
it's as simple as that!
And after we finish
clearing the Lost Woods,
we'll ditch him yet again.
[BOTH growling]
But I really wanna stare at
his face while he sleeps!
I don't care!
I wanna sleep in the bed!
Too bad!
Bite me!
[KANADE]
I thought I said too bad!
[TANIA]
And I thought I said "bite me"!
[KANADE, TANIA growl]
[KANADE]
Next Time: "Dragonoid Power."